
# Logo Generator
    
## Description
It can often be a tedious or expensive part of most creative processes to spend valuable time and other resources on simple iconography in a business. The Logo Generator saves this valuable time, money, and manpower by simply providing the user with  a creative logo using a few quick inputs

This project meets the needs of ensuring that time can be spent on improving the functionality of a project rather than putting that energy into a logo design.
    
## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Links](#links) 

## Installation
Users must first open the file in VS Code. Then, once they are in the correct folder, the root "Logo Generator" folder, they should open their terminal. Users can install inquirer (necessary for app function) by typing "npm install inquirer@8.2.4" into their terminal. Once this is done, initialize the app with a call of "node index.js"

## Usage
Both independent developers and businesses can use this to design a wide variety of template-level simple logos. Dev hours can be devoted more towards the function of an application rather than its fashion.

## License
There is no license associated with this application
    
## Contributing
Outside assets I used on this project: Some regular expression code was generated by the  regexr.com "Regular Expression generator" to check for exactly what I was looking for in validation code.
    
## Tests
To run the test, simply install jest in the root folder with the terminal prompt "npm install jest --save-dev" then, you can call jest with the simple command "npm test" or "npx jest." This should initialize the testing suite.
    
## Questions
Do you still have questions or further inquiries? Reach out to me on GitHub at http://github.com/natejmaster or e-mail me at natejmaster@gmail.com

## Links
Link to GitHub Repository: https://github.com/natejmaster/logo-generator

Link to Screencastify Demo Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/12Zd6Rjj2QLPdw39uTOfpDX1TqLCrCL-R/view